Add cube/pipe naming convention (#492)
tqec/tqec: docs/user_guide/terminology.rst

In ``tqec``, a block is either a :ref:`Cube <cube>` or a :ref:`Pipe <pipe>`.

The naming convention for a cube or a pipe is as follows:

- The axes used for labeling are as shown in the figure below. ``RGB`` axes are synonymous to ``XYZ`` axes.

> - We begin by labeling the boundary that's facing the X-axis first, then the one that's facing the Y-axis followed by the one facing the Z-axis.

Reviewer: Minor nitpick
```suggestion
- We begin by labeling the boundary that is facing the X-axis first, then the one that is facing the Y-axis followed by the one facing the Z-axis.
```

.. figure:: ../media/user_guide/terminology/axes_convention.png
   :width: 200px
   :align: center

   X, Y, Z axes

The labels based on color of the boundaries are provided in the table below.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :align: center

   * - Color
     - Boundary
   * - Red Wall

>      - x

Reviewer: The labels are more often used in upper-case I think, it might be less confusing to have upper case here too.

>    * - Green Cube

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - Green Half-Cube
```

Author: Would it make sense to relabel this class to `YHalfCube`? 

https://tqec.github.io/tqec/_autosummary/tqec.computation.YCube.html#tqec.computation.YCube

It is called the `YCube` in the terminology a couple of sections later. 
https://tqec.github.io/tqec/user_guide/terminology.html#ycube

Reviewer: I think that would make sense yes.

Reviewer: See #493
